Suggested tweaks to the supported features docs (#797)
informalsystems/apalache: docs/src/apalache/features.md

## Safety vs. Liveness

At the moment, Apalache is only able to check invariants and inductive
invariants.  Which means that you can only check safety properties with
Apalache, unless you employ a [liveness-to-safety] transformation in your spec.

> In general, we doe not support checking liveness properties.  If you would like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, we do not support checking liveness properties.  If you would like
```

to see liveness implemented, upvote the [liveness feature].

## Language

### Module-Level constructs

Construct  | Supported? | Milestone | Comment
------------------------|:------------------:|:---------------:|--------------

> ``EXTENDS module`` | ✔ | - | As soon as SANY imports the module. <!-- What does the prev sentence mean? --> Some standard modules are not supported yet

Author: I don't understand what is meant in this context by the sentence 

> As soon as SANY imports the module.

Reviewer: I also don't understand that. It is all modulo SANY parsing things :)

Reviewer: Let's remove that sentence

> ``EXTENDS module`` | ✔ | - | As soon as SANY imports the module. <!-- What does the prev sentence mean? --> Some standard modules are not supported yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``EXTENDS module`` | ✔ | - | a few standard modules are not supported yet (Bags and Reals)
```

`f[e]` | ✔ | - |
`DOMAIN f` | ✔ | - |
`[ x \in S ↦ e]` | ✔ | - |

> `[ S -> T ]` | ✔ | - | Sometimes, the functions sets are expanded <!-- What does this mean? -->

Author: I don't know what this comment is supposed to mean or what the impact is on users.

Reviewer: It is confusing. It means that in some cases functions sets are treated purely symbolically, but sometimes the model checker would try to construct an explicit set of functions, which is exponential. Actually, the model checker would just fail there and will not try to construct such a set. So this sentence is not helping the user.

Author: Cool. That helps. How about

> Supported, provided the function can be interpreted symbolically

> `[ S -> T ]` | ✔ | - | Sometimes, the functions sets are expanded <!-- What does this mean? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[ S -> T ]` | ✔ | - |
```

Operator  | Supported? | Milestone | Comment
------------------------|:------------------:|:---------------:|--------------
`e[i]` | ✔ / ✖ | - | Provided that `i` is a constant expression

> `<< e1, ..., e_n >>` | ✔ | - | By default, a tuple is constructed. Use a [type annotation](types-and-annotations.md) to construct a sequence.

Reviewer: This is not even true anymore. You would need a type annotation in the both cases.

Author: I'll fix this. Thanks.

> `<< e1, ..., e_n >>` | ✔ | - | By default, a tuple is constructed. Use a [type annotation](types-and-annotations.md) to construct a sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<< e1, ..., e_n >>` | ✔ | - | Use a [type annotation](https://apalache.informal.systems/docs/tutorials/snowcat-tutorial.html) to distinguish between a tuple and a sequence.
```

------------------------|:------------------:|:---------------:|--------------
`IF p THEN e1 ELSE e2` | ✔ | - | Provided that both e1 and e2 have the same type
`CASE p1 -> e1 [] ... [] p_n -> e_n [] OTHER -> e` | ✔ | - | See the comment above

> `CASE p1 -> e1 [] ... [] p_n -> e_n` | ✖ | - | The default arm with `OTHER` is always required

Reviewer: This is also not true. I have implemented the translation for `CASE` without `OTHER` a few weeks ago, thanks to the new type checker :P

> `CASE p1 -> e1 [] ... [] p_n -> e_n` | ✖ | - | The default arm with `OTHER` is always required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CASE p1 -> e1 [] ... [] p_n -> e_n` | ✔| - |
```
